---
layout: post
title:  "Blog 1- The Black Wolf"
date:   2018-03-12 10:17:58 +0530
comments: true
categories: jekyll update  
---

THE BLACK WOLF

It comes with a promise, that never arrives, <br/>
While it drags you away, with seductive lies! <br/>
It then starts to alter, and rewire your brain, <br/>
And all it will bring you is sorrow and shame! <br/>
<br/>
Once is too many, yet a thousand's not enough, <br/>
But trying to stop, is incredibly tough! <br/>
So you make up excuses, you try to defend, <br/>
But then to this nightmare, you wake up again! <br/>
<br/>
It brings nothing good, but takes your best, <br/>
It steals your time, then leaves you depressed! <br/>
By drinking the nectar, of this false god, <br/>
Your life will dry out, like grey dying sod! <br/>
<br/>
But here is the answer, to all forms of dope, <br/>
Reboot and reset, and know there is hope! <br/>
You must starve the black wolf, until it is dead, <br/>
And nourish the white one, to live free instead!<br/>
- Hil

{% if page.comments %}
<div id="disqus_thread"></div>
<script>

/**
*  RECOMMENDED CONFIGURATION VARIABLES: EDIT AND UNCOMMENT THE SECTION BELOW TO INSERT DYNAMIC VALUES FROM YOUR PLATFORM OR CMS.
*  LEARN WHY DEFINING THESE VARIABLES IS IMPORTANT: https://disqus.com/admin/universalcode/#configuration-variables*/
/*
var disqus_config = function () {
this.page.url = PAGE_URL;  // Replace PAGE_URL with your page's canonical URL variable
this.page.identifier = PAGE_IDENTIFIER; // Replace PAGE_IDENTIFIER with your page's unique identifier variable
};
*/
(function() { // DON'T EDIT BELOW THIS LINE
var d = document, s = d.createElement('script');
s.src = 'https://hil01-github-io.disqus.com/embed.js';
s.setAttribute('data-timestamp', +new Date());
(d.head || d.body).appendChild(s);
})();
</script>
<noscript>Please enable JavaScript to view the <a href="https://disqus.com/?ref_noscript">comments powered by Disqus.</a></noscript>

{% endif %}
